README.md, before:

This script is used to compile a c++ file and run the output of the compilation.
The script will also capture the output into a text file depending on the second perameter (see below) \***_THIS SCRIPT ONLY RUNS IN BASH SO IT WONT WORK ON WINDOWS_**

#additional Note: When recording your keystrokes for input will not apear. This is not a bug this is how the unix script command captures input. They are still there just not appearing in the stdout

    COMPILER COMPATIBILITY:
        By Default this script uses the g++ compiler.That means you will need to have it installed.
            -You can check this by runing "g++ -v" in the command line.
            -If you dont have it you can install it with "sudo apt install g++" in the commmand line.
            -If you want to edit the copiler by replacing the $COMPILER variable with the desired compiler cli invocation.

    CONFIGURING THIS SCRIPT WITH CLI:
        In order to configure this scipt you first need to download it and then put it somewhere where you wont delete it.
            For example ~/Documents/Scripts is where I have mine.

        After this you will need to make the script executable.
            1.Open the directory you stored the script in with the terminal
            2.use the command "chmod -x gppcomp.sh" to make the file executable

        If you are using a bash based system you will first need to add the script as an alias for your cli to do this you:
            1. open a command prompt
            2. Input this command "sudo nano ~/.bash_aliases"
            3. Find a empty line and paste in "alias gppcomp='Path/to/Script/gppcomp.sh'"
                -if you are having trouble with finding the path to the script you can open the directory you are storing the script in using the terminal
                -then use the "pwd" command use the line of text it output and add /gppcomp.sh to it
            4. restart the terminal and you should be able to use the gppcomp command

    USING THIS COMMAND:
        If you want to use the command all you have to do it:
            1.Open a terminal and cd to the directory you have your .cpp file in
            2.Enter the command "gppcomp" followed by the nessicary perameters (see below)
            3.The script will compile and run the program for you and will create a a.out executable in your working directory.

        This command is best used in the integrated terminal of a IDE like vscode. Whatever IDE you use there are probably options to use this script to run your files.

    PERAMETERS:
        First: name of file to be compiled and run
        Second(optional): if you want output sent to a output.txt in the working dir enter "1" if not dont enter anything

        EXAMPLE: gppcomp First Second

Commit message:

Completed install and updated readme/help

README.md, after:

This script is used to compile a c++ file and run the output of the compilation.
The script will also capture the output into a text file depending on the second perameter (see below) \***_THIS SCRIPT ONLY RUNS IN BASH SO IT WONT WORK ON WINDOWS_**

#additional Note: When recording your keystrokes for input will not apear. This is not a bug this is how the unix script command captures input. They are still there just not appearing in the terminal

    COMPILER COMPATIBILITY:
        By Default this script uses the g++ compiler.That means you will need to have it installed. 
            -You can check this by runing "g++ -v" in the command line.
            -If you dont have it you can install it with "sudo apt install g++" in the commmand line.
            -If you want to edit the copiler by replacing the $COMPILER variable with the desired compiler cli invocation. 
                If you have issues I can modify the script for you. Just open a issue on github. If your using xcode I dont 
                have access to that and cant help troubleshoot. 

    CONFIGURING THIS SCRIPT WITH CLI:
        In order to configure this scipt you first need to download it and then put it somewhere where you wont delete it. 
            For example ~/Documents/Scripts is where I have mine. 

        After this you will need to make the script executable.
            1.Open the directory you stored the script in with the terminal
            2.use the command "chmod +x gppcomp.sh" to make the file executable

        While staying in the same directory from the prvious step run "./gppcomp.sh -i" to install the tool into the cli

        After this you will be able to call the tool with "gppcomp" followed by any peramiters in any terminal. 

        If at any time you forget what to do type "gppcomp --help" to display the help page

    USING THIS COMMAND:
        If you want to use the command all you have to do it:
            1.Open a terminal and cd to the directory you have your .cpp file in
            2.Enter the command "gppcomp" followed by the nessicary perameters (see below)
            3.The script will compile and run the program for you and will create a a.out executable in your working directory. 

        This command is best used in the integrated terminal of a IDE like vscode. Whatever IDE you use there are probably options to use this script to run your files.  

    PERAMETERS:
        First: name of file to be compiled and run
        Second(optional): Passing a "1" here will send all terminal output to a output.txt in the working dir

        EXAMPLE: gppcomp test.cpp 1 (this would compile and run the code. It would also record the input/output)
